my name is Patrick de Gama I'm Karla I'm
a dancer I studied at the hamburger
patty school from John McGuire of the
Hamburg Valley later I joined Northridge
our company I was dancing there for five
years as a principal dancer after that I
got an invitation from naturally water
to join the national company of Spain
for 11 years I was the principal dancer
there
it was wonderful both companies both
directors both choreographers were
amazing they marked my future they
didn't make me and well I'm a product of
both of them I'm here now in New York
right now sitting in city centre and
enjoying really enjoying this new trip
I'm doing it correctly for even Basilio
who is an amazing wife s amazing I
really mean it amazing amazing dancer in
my eyes he's like I actually found out
yesterday in the studio by watching and
really deeply he is for me son in some
way he has something of Nijinsky in
Devon and Lisa
he is like a smaller international
Vaslav Nijinsky I mean he is Russia's
fool he's a Russian artist he's a
wonderful wonderful Russian dancer
known in the whole world and start in
portrait and I got an invitation to not
so long ago to work with them and to
accept for me that was really really
easy it was like done from the first
second on because I I admire and I love
the Russian I don't want to call it
their scene because it's just more than
that it's like the Russian school the
Russian school Russian history Russian
dancers I'm like about to join Russia
myself and just everything just
connected it was just it's it's like in
life it's about to connect and it was an
author which I accepted and out came out
is coming and wonderful wonderful
wonderful exchange which for me is a
corner place very important it's just
not about giving steps running steps to
a dances like an exchange is like a
conversation I'm about I'm since two
days
and having a really wonderful
conversation with in the studio with
even vasilia I think he's a very smart
dancer I think he's a very coarse
talented dancer
but besides that he is an artist and
witch
it's like the witch it's the most
important thing for themself to be an
artist what else can I say the priests
we are doing it's ten minute solo it's
made honest made on the rock music from
Antonio Tommaso Italy
it's the Chacon it's a very famous music
piece and Iran myself and and Italy I
have the DDT feeling the action we are
having a wonderful wonderful connection
all three of us dancer cover for
composer and I hope I'm almost sure
something beautiful
yes
I got invited by a very non-managers
name is Little India from our dannion
management and the I very much liked the
idea that's also another reason why I
said today that it's it's a bringing
together of different artists and
different dancers workers connect them
and I think this is a wonderful idea of
the director of this whole event like
stuck in the new young which it's it's
like an exchange and it's an exchange
from different sorts of dancers
different sorts of cultures different
sorts of techniques also even the silly
of ism is a few classical dancer I am a
contemporary girl with a strong
classical background and the idea of of
connecting those two people I think it
has some I don't know what since two
days I thought this this this retro
feeling it's like you know this
combination of this connection of the
angular lijinsky
and I feel something is in the air they
are here they are watching us they are
here and I think it's this is maybe just
like the second part of this story of
the history the performance will be held
inside the program which is called the
kingdoms of the dance five brain own
dancers five choreographers coming
together and enjoying dance it's all
about dance it's about art it's about
magic
you